c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\Alarmy.exe.config
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\Alarmy.exe
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\Alarmy.pdb
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\Alarmy.xml
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Application.baml
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy.g.resources
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy.Resources.resources
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy.exe
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy.xml
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy.pdb
c:\users\gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy_Content.g.vb
c:\Users\Gamer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Alarmy\Alarmy\obj\Debug\Alarmy.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
